docs: align release agent supported versions with chart 1.6.2 (#10451)
circleci/circleci-docs: docs/guides/modules/deploy/pages/set-up-the-circleci-release-agent.adoc

include::ROOT:partial$tips/check-org-type.adoc[]

> We support the three latest Kubernetes minor releases and the two latest minor releases of Helm and of Argo Rollouts (optional). Release agent chart **1.6.2** with agent image **1.6.2** was end-to-end tested across every combination of the versions below. Older versions may work but are not guaranteed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We support the three latest Kubernetes minor releases and the two latest minor releases of Helm and of Argo Rollouts (optional). Release agent chart **1.6.2** with agent image **1.6.2** was end-to-end tested across every combination of the versions in the following table. Older versions may work but are not guaranteed:
```
